{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f8\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red135\green135\blue135;\red95\green95\blue95;\red41\green41\blue41;\red39\green84\blue126;
\red193\green193\blue193;\red245\green245\blue245;\red219\green219\blue219;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;\cssrgb\c44706\c44706\c44706;\cssrgb\c21176\c21176\c21176;\cssrgb\c19608\c40784\c56863;
\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;\cssrgb\c88627\c88627\c88627;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1840\ri1840\sl180\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ADVERTISING\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1840\ri1840\sl690\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 As Technology Evolves, AT&T Adjusts a Theme\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl225\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\i0\b0\fs18 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Give this article
\f3\fs34 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f2 \cf6 \strokec6 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs22\fsmilli11250 \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 In one spot for the tweaked "Rethink possible" campaign, a young man shows off his new phone.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22\fsmilli11250 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 By\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/by/stuart-elliott"}}{\fldrslt \ul Stuart Elliott}}
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs19\fsmilli9750 \cf8 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 April 8, 2012
\f4\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs30 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 AT&T is rethinking \'93Rethink possible.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 AT&T adopted \'93Rethink possible\'94 as the theme of its advertising in a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/08/business/media/08adco.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 corporate image campaign}}\'a0that began in April 2010. The upbeat theme was intended to buff the AT&T brand, rather than sell specific products and services, and promote the company as an innovator in telecommunications for consumer and business customers.\cb1 \
\cb3 Two years later, the campaign is being refreshed with ads that are to begin appearing on Monday, some of which will help introduce the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/03/29/att-lumia-900"}}{\fldrslt \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 Nokia Lumia 900}}\'a0smartphone. The campaign includes commercials on television and online and a robust presence in social media like\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/ATT"}}{\fldrslt \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 Facebook}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/#!/ATT"}}{\fldrslt \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 Twitter}}\'a0and blogs.\cb1 \
\cb3 The new elements of the campaign will include the addition, in ads aimed at consumers, of the phrase \'93It\'92s what you do with what we do.\'94\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb3 The phrase, which will appear along with \'93Rethink possible,\'94 is meant to acknowledge significant shifts in the marketplace since 2010, particularly how much more consumers want to be in control of brand experiences.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl135\qc\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs13\fsmilli6750 \cf10 \cb11 \strokec10 ADVERTISEMENT\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/09/business/media/as-technology-evolves-swiftly-att-adjusts-a-theme.html#after-story-ad-1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \cb11 \strokec5 Continue reading the main story}}
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs30 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 \'93We did a lot of insight research about how people live with technology,\'94 said Esther Lee, senior vice president for brand marketing, advertising and sponsorship at AT&T in Dallas, which included \'93ethnographies, shop-alongs and spending time in people\'92s living rooms.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 When the \'93Rethink possible\'94 campaign was developed, most consumers \'93felt overwhelmed with technology,\'94 Ms. Lee said, but only a short time later many have \'93found ways to integrate it in their lives\'94 \'97 and some even \'93talk about it with love.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93The real innovation that\'92s happening is what people are doing, and how people are dealing, with technology,\'94 she added, and \'93the unique ways they use it to make their lives better.\'94\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl375\partightenfactor0

\f7\b\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf8 \cb3 Daily business updates\'a0\'a0
\f5\b0 The latest coverage of business, markets and the economy, sent by email each weekday.\'a0\cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 Get it sent to your inbox.
\f4\fs32 \cf8 \cb1 \ulnone \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs30 \cf8 \
\cb3 That is the message that \'93It\'92s what you do with what we do\'94 is intended to convey, Ms. Lee said, describing the phrase as \'93a step-up line, a bridge line\'94 that will now lead to the \'93Rethink possible\'94 theme.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb3 The decision to adjust \'93Rethink possible\'94 is emblematic of the midcourse corrections that marketers will make in campaigns as circumstances change in the marketplace. Such adjustments acknowledge the need for different approaches, but avoid the expense and risks of a complete overhaul.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Editors\'92 Picks\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2022/11/27/realestate/apartment-landlord-harassment.html?action=click&algo=identity&block=editors_picks_recirc&fellback=false&imp_id=953213163&impression_id=ea1ddea0-7064-11ed-94f5-297d920aece0&index=0&pgtype=Article&pool=editors-picks-ls&region=ccolumn&req_id=266412306&surface=home-featured&variant=0_identity&action=click&module=editorContent&pgtype=Article&region=CompanionColumn&contentCollection=Trending"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf5 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 He Says His Landlord Is Harassing Him to Leave a $450-a-Month Apartment\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2022/11/29/dining/restaurant-review-kolomon-nomad-ace-hotel.html?action=click&algo=identity&block=editors_picks_recirc&fellback=false&imp_id=410803262&impression_id=ea1ddea1-7064-11ed-94f5-297d920aece0&index=1&pgtype=Article&pool=editors-picks-ls&region=ccolumn&req_id=266412306&surface=home-featured&variant=0_identity&action=click&module=editorContent&pgtype=Article&region=CompanionColumn&contentCollection=Trending"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf5 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Restaurant Review: At Koloman, Elegant Schnitzel and Other Viennese Wonders\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2022/11/29/style/shannon-abloh-virgil-abloh.html?action=click&algo=identity&block=editors_picks_recirc&fellback=false&imp_id=148119974&impression_id=ea1ddea2-7064-11ed-94f5-297d920aece0&index=2&pgtype=Article&pool=editors-picks-ls&region=ccolumn&req_id=266412306&surface=home-featured&variant=0_identity&action=click&module=editorContent&pgtype=Article&region=CompanionColumn&contentCollection=Trending"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf5 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl340\sa440\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Shannon Abloh Is Ready to Talk\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/09/business/media/as-technology-evolves-swiftly-att-adjusts-a-theme.html?action=click&module=editorContent&pgtype=Article&region=CompanionColumn&contentCollection=Trending#after-pp_edpick"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 Continue reading the main story}}
\f4\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl135\qc\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs13\fsmilli6750 \cf10 \cb11 \strokec10 ADVERTISEMENT\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/09/business/media/as-technology-evolves-swiftly-att-adjusts-a-theme.html#after-story-ad-2"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \cb11 \strokec5 Continue reading the main story}}
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs30 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 For instance, in 2010, Nissan North America replaced its brand theme, \'93Shift,\'94 with the theme \'93Innovation for all.\'94 The word \'93Shift,\'94 however, still\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mediadecoder.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/08/24/nissan-shifts-from-shift-to-innovation"}}{\fldrslt \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \strokec9 continues to appear}}\'a0in ads. And in 2007, when the actor Gary Sinise was hired to narrate commercials for the Army, succeeding the actor Josh Charles, the theme of the campaign remained \'93Army strong.\'94\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb3 The phrase \'93It\'92s what you do with what we do,\'94 while new to AT&T\'92s ads, echoes vintage ad themes that include \'93We do it all for you,\'94 for McDonald\'92s, and \'93We\'92d do it like you\'92d do it,\'94 for Burger King. (There is also a U-do We-do Laundromat in Philadelphia.)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Video\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f8\b\fs28 \cf12 \cb5 \strokec12 0:30\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f7\fs44 \cf11 \cb5 \strokec11 Nokia Lumia 900 Advertisement
\f4\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs22\fsmilli11250 \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 A new commercial from AT&T for the Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 Unlike the fast-food themes, which were focused on the \'93we\'94 \'97 that is, the advertiser \'97 the AT&T ads are \'93all about you, the consumer, and how we\'92re proud to help you do what you can do,\'94 said David Lubars, chairman and chief creative officer at BBDO North America, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group. The Atlanta and New York offices of BBDO North America serve as the creative agency for AT&T.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93It\'92s the difference between \'91We prepared a meal for you\'92 and \'91We\'92re your partner,\'92\'a0\'94 Mr. Lubars said.\cb1 \
\cb3 There was no thought given to replacing \'93Rethink possible\'94 because \'93it\'92s still an idea that resonates with people,\'94 he added. \'93You don\'92t want to change it because it\'92s relevant.\'94\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb3 By augmenting the theme with the new phrase, Mr. Lubars said, \'93we put a new suit on\'94 the campaign and emphasized \'93how people\'92s lives are entwined with technology\'94 and the benefits of \'93life on the network\'94 (the AT&T network, natch).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl135\qc\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs13\fsmilli6750 \cf10 \cb11 \strokec10 ADVERTISEMENT\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/09/business/media/as-technology-evolves-swiftly-att-adjusts-a-theme.html#after-story-ad-3"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \cb11 \strokec5 Continue reading the main story}}
\f4\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs30 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 In two new commercials aimed at consumers, \'93It\'92s what you do with what we do\'94 is superimposed on screen near the end of each spot.\cb1 \
\cb3 In one commercial, an aspiring young actress named Alex gets a part, which an announcer sardonically describes as \'93the coveted role of \'91Coffee patron No. 4.\'92\'a0\'94 She subsequently seeks advice from family and friends on how she should deliver her one line, \'93Latte, please.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93Good thing AT&T gives you unlimited calling to any mobile,\'94 the announcer says, \'93so you can call everyone.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 In the other commercial, a young man named Colin seeks to woo a young woman named Megan by showing off his new Lumia 900, much as years ago a guy would try to impress a girl by driving past her in his new Mustang II or Camaro SS 396.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93See, Megan, Colin has lots of friends,\'94 an announcer says good-naturedly.\cb1 \
\cb3 There are also new commercials aimed at business customers. Spots for small businesses feature actual companies like Genco Services of McAllen, Tex., which rents heavy equipment. AT&T offers \'93a network of possibilities,\'94 an announcer says in the Genco spot, \'93helping you do what you do even better.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 Business-to-business ads feature fictional firms like insurers, tow-truck operators and car-repair shops. \'93It\'92s the AT&T network,\'94 an announcer says, \'93doing more with data to help business do more for customers.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 The budget for AT&T\'92s advertising is expected to be in line with what the company has spent in previous years. According to the AT&T 2011 annual report, the company spent $2.4 billion on advertising last year, $2.9 billion in 2010 and $2.8 billion in 2009.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl450\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb3 According to Kantar Media, AT&T was No. 2 in ad spending last year in the United States, behind only Procter & Gamble.\cb1 \
}