{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red72\green72\blue72;\red12\green83\blue158;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c35294\c35294\c35294;\cssrgb\c1961\c40784\c68235;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dallas, Texas, December 29, 2015\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 share\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs60 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://about.att.com/story/att_to_release_4q_2015_earnings_january_26.html&text=AT%26T%20to%20Release%20Fourth-Quarter%202015%20Earnings%20on%20January%2026%2C%202016%20-"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://about.att.com/story/att_to_release_4q_2015_earnings_january_26.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://about.att.com/story/att_to_release_4q_2015_earnings_january_26.html&title=AT%26T%20to%20Release%20Fourth-Quarter%202015%20Earnings%20on%20January%2026%2C%202016"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:?subject=AT%26T%20to%20Release%20Fourth-Quarter%202015%20Earnings%20on%20January%2026,%202016%20&body=AT%26T%20to%20Release%20Fourth-Quarter%202015%20Earnings%20on%20January%2026%2C%202016%20-%20https://about.att.com/story/att_to_release_4q_2015_earnings_january_26.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1200\partightenfactor0

\fs96 \cf2 AT&T to Release Fourth-Quarter 2015 Earnings on January 26, 2016\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://about.att.com/category/all_news.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs50\fsmilli25200 \cf4 \strokec4 AT&T Inc.}}
\fs50\fsmilli25200 \'a0({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/landing-pages?pid=5718"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 NYSE:T}}) announced today that the company\'92s fourth-quarter 2015 results will be released after the New York Stock Exchange closes on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. At 4:30 p.m. ET the same day, AT&T will host a conference call to discuss the results. The company\'92s earnings release,\'a0
\f1\i Investor Briefing
\f0\i0 \'a0and related materials will be available at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/landing-pages?pid=5718"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 AT&T Investor Relations}}\'a0before the conference call begins.\
The company will broadcast a live webcast of the call at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/landing-pages?pid=5718"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 AT&T Investor Relations}}, and the webcast will be available for replay at the same address\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 About AT&T
\f0\b0 \
AT&T Inc. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/landing-pages?pid=5718"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 NYSE:T}}) helps millions of people and businesses around the globe stay connected through leading wireless, high-speed Internet, voice and cloud-based services. We\'92re helping people mobilize their worlds with state-of-the-art communications, entertainment services and amazing innovations like connected cars and devices for homes, offices and points in between. Our U.S. wireless network has the nation\'92s strongest 4G LTE signal and the nation\'92s most reliable 4G\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/network"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 LTE}}. We offer the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider*. We\'92re improving how our customers stay entertained and informed with\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/shop/u-verse.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 AT&T U-verse}}
\fs35\fsmilli17640 \'ae
\fs50\fsmilli25200 \'a0TV and High Speed Internet services. And businesses worldwide are serving their customers better with AT&T\'92s mobility and highly secure cloud solutions.\
Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://about.att.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://about.att.com}}. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/att"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.facebook.com/att}}\'a0and YouTube at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/att"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://www.youtube.com/att}}.\
\'a9 2015 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.\
Signal strength and reliability claims based on nationwide carriers\'92 4G LTE. Signal strength claim based ONLY on avg. 4G LTE signal strength. 4G LTE not available everywhere.\
*Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; voice roaming; and world-capable smartphone and tablets in more countries than any other U.S. carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.\
}