{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red72\green72\blue72;\red19\green19\blue19;
\red12\green83\blue158;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c35294\c35294\c35294;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;
\cssrgb\c1961\c40784\c68235;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dallas, TX, March 31, 2014\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 share\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://about.att.com/story/att_approves_new_300_million_share_repurchase_authorization.html&text=AT%26T%20Approves%20New%20300%20Million%20Share%20Repurchase%20Authorization%20-"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://about.att.com/story/att_approves_new_300_million_share_repurchase_authorization.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://about.att.com/story/att_approves_new_300_million_share_repurchase_authorization.html&title=AT%26T%20Approves%20New%20300%20Million%20Share%20Repurchase%20Authorization"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:?subject=AT%26T%20Approves%20New%20300%20Million%20Share%20Repurchase%20Authorization&body=AT%26T%20Approves%20New%20300%20Million%20Share%20Repurchase%20Authorization%20-%20https://about.att.com/story/att_approves_new_300_million_share_repurchase_authorization.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs60 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs96 \cf2 AT&T Approves New 300 Million Share Repurchase Authorization\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs42 \cf4 \strokec4 DALLAS, March 31, 2014 \'97\'a0
\f1\b0 The board of directors of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/landing-pages?pid=3309"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 AT&T Inc}}. (NYSE:T) has authorized the repurchase of up to 300 million shares, representing approximately 6 percent of AT&T common shares outstanding, with no expiration date. This authorization is in addition to three other 300 million share repurchase authorizations approved by the board of directors in December 2010, July 2012 and March 2013. The company completed repurchases under the 2012 share authorization last year.\
\'93The board\'92s authorization reaffirms our confidence in the strength of the business and our commitment to returning value to our shareholders while investing in our networks and operations,\'94 said\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/gen/investor-relations?pid=7824"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 Randall Stephenson}}, AT&T chairman and chief executive officer.\
Under the March 2013 300 million share authorization, AT&T repurchased about 175 million of its shares through March 28, 2014. Since the company began buying back shares in 2012, AT&T has repurchased 775 million of its shares, or approximately 13 percent of shares outstanding.\
The company expects to maintain a net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA
\fs29\fsmilli14700 1
\fs42 \'a0ratio in the 1.8 range or lower. Future repurchase decisions will be made opportunistically.
\f3\i \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf4 AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14700 \cf4 1
\fs42 EBITDA is earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of non-operational or one-time items in order to better represent AT&T\'92s operational performance. Net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA is expressed as the ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net debt, which is calculated as the sum of current and long-term debt, less cash and cash equivalents. Reconciliations for EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA are provided with AT&T\'92s quarterly results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 About AT&T\
AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) is a premier communications holding company and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/corporateawards"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 one of the most honored companies in the world}}. Its subsidiaries and affiliates \'96 AT&T operating companies \'96 are the providers of AT&T services in the United States and internationally. With a powerful array of network resources that includes the nation\'92s most reliable 4G LTE network, AT&T is a leading provider of wireless, Wi-Fi, high speed Internet, voice and cloud-based services. A leader in mobile Internet, AT&T also offers the best wireless coverage worldwide of any U.S. carrier, offering the most wireless phones that work in the most countries.\'a0 It also offers advanced TV service with the AT&T U-verse\'ae brand. The company\'92s suite of IP-based business communications services is one of the most advanced in the world.\
Reliability claim based on data transfer completion rates on nationwide 4G LTE networks.\'a0 LTE is a trademark of ETSI. 4G LTE not available everywhere.\
Additional information about AT&T Inc. and the products and services provided by AT&T subsidiaries and affiliates is available at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.att.com/aboutus"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 http://www.att.com/aboutus}}\'a0or follow our news on Twitter at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.twitter.com/att"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 @ATT}}, on Facebook at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/att"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 http://www.facebook.com/att}}\'a0and YouTube at{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/att"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0http://www.youtube.com/att}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14700 \cf4 \'a9
\fs42 \'a02014 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.\
}