{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red31\green31\blue31;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red48\green144\blue72;\red14\green24\blue43;\red230\green230\blue230;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;
\cssrgb\c22353\c61961\c35294;\cssrgb\c6275\c12549\c22353;\cssrgb\c92157\c92157\c92157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AT&T apologizes for tweeting 9/11 ad\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf2 Twitter
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs27 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Link copied\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 SAVE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 Create your free profile or log in to save this article\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs27 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 Sept. 12, 2013, 2:59 PM EDT\
By\'a0Isolde Raftery\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 When AT&T tweeted an image of a smartphone being held up against a darkened New York skyline, capturing an image of floodlights beaming where the World Trade Center towers once stood, social media users responded with disbelief.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2013/09/11/at_t_9_11.html"}}{\fldrslt On Slate, a commenter s}}ummed up the overall sentiment: \'93I think the offense lies in the difference between a tribute and an ad. This is an ad pretending to be a tribute, trying to capitalize off of the emotions surrounding 9/11 for profit.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Dallas-based communications giant has since tweeted an apology for the ad: \'93We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf2 Twitter
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 Commenters on Twitter replied that the apology didn\'92t sound genuine, but one person noted that branding was minimal, and that the smartphone used in the image doesn\'92t have any markings.\'a0\
Dan McConnell, a veteran public relations consultant and senior instructor at the University of Washington, said he found the AT&T tweet too commercial.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Get the Morning Rundown\
Get a head start on the morning's top stories.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 SIGN UP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 THIS SITE IS PROTECTED BY RECAPTCHA\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcuniversal.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt PRIVACY POLICY}}\'a0|\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcuniversal.com/terms"}}{\fldrslt TERMS OF SERVICE}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93It\'92s not that it was so offensive, but it took a very commercial turn on a day of remembrance when we\'92re not thinking about selling products, we\'92re thinking about the state of our world,\'94 McConnell said. \'93In that respect it was inappropriate.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Recommended\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/discounts-holiday-deals-driving-consumers-spend-cyber-week-rcna59185"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer"}}{\fldrslt CONSUMER\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/discounts-holiday-deals-driving-consumers-spend-cyber-week-rcna59185"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs27 \cf2 Discounts drive record spending as holiday shopping season gets off to roaring start}}
\fs27 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/cyber-monday-black-friday-holiday-deals-rcna58967"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer"}}{\fldrslt CONSUMER\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/cyber-monday-black-friday-holiday-deals-rcna58967"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs27 \cf2 Cyber Monday eclipses Black Friday again as inflation-pinched shoppers seek deals}}
\fs27 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 He said companies that succeed on days of remembrance \'93do so in a very institutional or philanthropic manner.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93They\'92re basically thank-you ads that say we respect the people who have defended our country around the world,\'94 McConnell said. \'93If you sign that with your company\'92s name, people will feel good about it. But if you inscribe it on the screen of your brand new Galaxy mobile phone, people wonder, \'91Why did you have to show me that?\'92\'94\
Update: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson apologized for the tweet on Wednesday, saying the post "fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day."\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 "I consider that date a solemn occasion each year, a time when I reach out to those I was with on that awful day, share a moment of reflection for the lives lost and express my love of country," Stephenson wrote. "It is a day that should never be forgotten and never, ever commercialized."\
}