{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red254\green226\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red93\green93\blue93;\red184\green0\blue4;\red244\green244\blue244;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c100000\c89804\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c43922\c43922\c43922;\cssrgb\c78039\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96471\c96471\c96471;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0This article is more than\'a0
\f1\b 9 years old
\f2\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs51 \cf2 \cb4 Investors: AT&T and Verizon must say how much customer data goes to NSA\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \cb4 This article is more than 9 years old\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb4 Phone companies' customers could switch networks if they feel their privacy is being compromised, say investment funds\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl378\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 Verizon said it was evaluating a proposal from investors that it publish the number of requests it has received for customer data every six months. Photograph: Chris Hondros/Getty Images\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theguardian.com/profile/juliette-garside"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\b\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf6 \cb4 \strokec6 Juliette Garside}}
\f5\i\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf6 \cb4 \strokec6 , telecoms correspondent\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.twitter.com/JulietteGarside"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i0\b\fs18 \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 @JulietteGarside}}
\f2\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 Thu 21 Nov 2013 12.56 EST\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb4 Big investors in America's two largest mobile phone companies have demanded they disclose how much customer data they hand over to the US and foreign governments. Documents from the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/nsa"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 NSA}}\'a0whistleblower Edward Snowden show AT&T and Verizon have installed equipment to copy, scan and filter large amounts of the traffic that passes through their networks.\cb1 \
\cb4 AT&T and Verizon Communications, which owns Verizon Wireless, will face votes at their annual shareholder meetings following formal requests from one of New York's biggest public sector pension funds and a large private investment firm. The $161bn New York State Common Retirement Fund, which manages the pensions of more than 1 million state workers, and Trillium Asset Management, a Boston-based investment management firm with $1.3bn under management, have\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openmic.org/node/314"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 lodged demands}}\'a0with both networks to publish the number of requests they receive for customer information every six months.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb4 The investors said customers could switch to other networks if they think their privacy has been compromised.\cb1 \
\cb4 AT&T has also been warned that its willingness to co-operate with state-sponsored surveillance could hamper its ambitions to expand its business into Europe. The company is reported to be considering a bid for Vodafone, the British-based mobile network with outposts across Europe, Africa and Asia.\cb1 \
\cb4 The Verizon chief executive, Lowell McAdam, when asked about the company's legal obligations, recently stated: "We are the largest telecommunications provider to the United States government, and you have to do what your customer tells you."\cb1 \
\cb4 A Verizon spokesman said: "We've received the proposal and we're currently evaluating it." A spokesman for AT&T stated: "As standard practice we look carefully at all shareholder proposals but at this point in the process we do not expect to comment on them."\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb7 $0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb7 contributions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb7 $1,000,000\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb7 our goal\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb7 Lend us a hand in 2023\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cf2 \cb7 We have a small favour to ask. Tens of millions have placed their trust in the Guardian\'92s fearless journalism since we started publishing 200 years ago, turning to us in moments of crisis, uncertainty, solidarity and hope. More than 1.5 million supporters, from 180 countries, now power us financially \'96 keeping us open to all, and fiercely independent.\'a0
\f4\b We\'92re raising $1m to support our reporting in 2023. We hope you\'92ll consider a year-end gift.
\f3\b0 \cb1 \
\cb7 Unlike many others, the Guardian has no shareholders and no billionaire owner. Just the determination and passion to deliver high-impact global reporting, always free from commercial or political influence. Reporting like this is vital for democracy, for fairness and to demand better from the powerful.\cb1 \
\cb7 And we provide all this for free, for everyone to read. We do this because we believe in information equality. Greater numbers of people can keep track of the events shaping our world, understand their impact on people and communities, and become inspired to take meaningful action. Millions can benefit from open access to quality, truthful news, regardless of their ability to pay for it.\cb1 \
}